[MUSIC]
And, rolling.
>> So module two talks about accessing the
Internet in a Raspberry Pi through a piece
of code, programmatic control.
And specifically we're talking
about the sockets interface.
So thee socket interface is traditionally
how programmers connect to the Internet.
So how you write code to connect to
an IP address and a different port,
send data to a server,
receive data back, and so on.
You do that using the sockets interface.
And sockets interface comes with a set of
functions that are defined in the sockets
interface that we can call from Python
that establish connections, resend data,
receive data, and so on.
So we will talk about these functions and
show a little code how you can make
a client and a server, a generic
client and server, on a Raspberry Pi
that will allow it to interact with
some other device on the network.
And so this is where we really get
into Internet of things capabilities,
because since we're running a Linux,
we have a lot of possibilities.
The fact that we can use
a socket-based interface is easier,
much easier because we're using
a Linux operating system.
And we show a little demo where we go and
actually connect, allow you to
remote control a device, an LED through
a Raspberry Pi on the Internet.
And so you can control it remotely
from another machine, thank you.
[MUSIC]